[NBS1.0] Enabling multiple service implementations (#25593)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/thirty-adults-grab.md

---
'@backstage/plugin-search-backend-node': patch
'@backstage/plugin-catalog-node': patch
---

> Explicit declare if the service ref accepts `single` ou `multiple` implementations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Explicitly declare if the service ref accepts `single` or `multiple` implementations.
```
